what's up everybody it's critical I'm
gonna finish the sonic dreams collection
right now with my roommate Sonic let's
do this shit oh what a cute little
Hedgehog and he's being cute what a cute
little thing I'll look at this cute
little phone nice from the 1940s only
six numbers on it - awesome
what's up Sonic yeah thumbs up to you -
way cool bro
excuse me I'm getting a phone call have
you told your roommate how you feel
about them
of course I've told him I think he's a
pussy fart well you should believe me I
tell them all the time he's a pussy fart
cease life hold up one sec haha look out
your window Roger that what's up what
the fuck where are you calling from
Eggman a police lineup just follow my
lead
okay then whatever are you doing Sonic
are you enjoying the film and that
flicks has everything these days right
what a good movie I've got to hit the
arrow whoops
give him the tickles
oh I assume this is my tickling hand and
I can tickle with the best of them and
I'll blow a raspberry on his chest well
giving myself the tickles now just
beating my meat over here just over the
pants hand jobbing myself and my
tickling you Sonic are you enjoying this
is this too-cool-for-school
oh that was pretty fucking hostile
thanks man something's wrong with the TV
again you should go fix it I guess I'm
just fucking mr. fantastic stretching my
arms up thanks for that that's fine I
wanted that cup anyway white glove what
does that mean is that some type of
cryptic message it's honestly pretty
easy to decipher obviously it's talking
about my neighbor who puts on surgeons
gloves every time he leaves his place
he's a lunatic but to each their own I
guess
can you stop slapping my noodle arms
please fuck they're delicate be gentle
with me the unseen tickle is the
deadliest got you now
BAM bingo bango did you fucking like
that did you like that tickling
I have to kill him now that's obviously
the natural progression for a see tickle
your victim then you kill them solid
defense
holy shit what the fuck is happening my
arm it's leaving the corporeal world
it's travelling back in time everything
that's ever existed is reacting holy
shit
wow what is put it up with this defense
my arms corkscrewing now this looks like
what happens when you get silly putty
wet how is his defence improved so much
he's just blocking me left and right the
spirit of hakeem olajuwon has taken over
my room mate sonic arms just stuck in
the couch cushion this is ridiculous no
I'm still tickling him just the back of
his head the most tender spot on a
hedgehogs body
game over I win I tickled my roommate
Sonic where's my arm okay I may have won
but I lost my arm in the process there's
my arm just give me that big old footie
years let me see those little piggies
dance oh yeah what the fuck man oh just
cleaning out his ears now yeah do you
like that do you like me getting the wax
out of there do you like this no this is
what you wanted little finger in your
ear action now give me that foot you've
been naughty you know what they say
about a hedgehog with a big foot it's
got big nipples I think my tickling
technique is a little too much for them
I'm tickling too fast this foot is
expanding like a coke can in a freezer
it's growing in size it's like a giant
iron but I'm not stopping not until that
foot has been tickled it's got a fucking
teleport out of this dimension I can
already see it happening right now but
I'm not gonna stop I'm a taught me the
five finger exploding foot technique oh
holy shit I got his foot off or shoe off
I could get that shoe out of here that's
that's what I want right there look at
foot oh yeah hey fucking like that
blew his load rings all over the place
now how am I gonna clean this up well
you want a smooch you coming over here
for a little kiss
well stare deep into his eyes so these
are eyes right here these egg yolks well
I can do it oh yeah come on
no we're cooking oh yeah looks like a
Power Rangers villain I didn't take it
too far stop it you don't know what
you're talking about
he's obviously never kissed anyone
before this is just what happens this
reminds me that spongebob episode were
Squidward's in the middle of nowhere and
all alone Echo's used to assume the
Cannonball position he's trying to make
a big splash in an invisible pool now
he's walking to work it's not easy being
a mannequin you got to stand behind the
windows of the clothing store and model
the clothes like being pixelated okay
then super suits on he's become Sonic I
get it look at those ass cheeks
man when I was a kid I could never make
a sneaks that looked that good out of
play-doh I hope this is what you wanted
it's actually exactly what I wanted in
fact there's nothing else I wanted more
than this so I just press the power
button now I can do that
okay I'm pressing it and nothing's
happening
still pressing it don't there we go
and now the game's closed I get it so
the power button turns off the game not
just the sega dreamcast in the game
fascinating all right well I finished
the sonic Dreams collection well I've
seen in this video I remember to rate
the video comment the video and
subscribe if you want to see video
similar to this one see ya